Over the baby’s crying Tanner heard his wife chewing gum. Even over the humming box fans in the windows he could hear her jaw working it like a piece of jerky, and saw her chewing from where she stood behind the tinted mesh of the screen door. He had just hung up the phone with Bret. He lit a menthol cigarette. He was sitting in his car which wouldn’t start and now he’d be late for work. She opened the screen door and walked over to him. He felt a dense humidity, failed to evade it, leaned his head out the open wind and spat.
“Watch it,” she said, “who was that?” 
He got out of the car and slammed the door.
“Bret. Car’s dead again.”
“You said you were gettin’ it fixed.”
  “Check comes Friday.”
Her jaw crept forward. She glowered at him. He ignored her. He stretched his arms against the car, looked at the gravel, and took a drag. He wondered why he didn’t just get up and go to his cousin’s down the county line road and steal his truck. He knew where the keys hung and that the door from the garage to the kitchen was kept unlock and the garage door always wide open. Sarah Lynn might’ve liked him to do that in the beginning, but there hadn’t been much time between then and now. And the baby was screaming now. 
“You said you was going to get it fixed.”
“Well I’ve gone and said a whole load of shit then I guess.”
She reassembled herself; she tremored, pulled a tissue from her pocket and placed her gum in it.
Tanner gave her the rest of his cigarette and walked inside. When he came out he had his child resting on his forearm. He sat on the cement slab, their porch. The baby grabbed at his long, oily bangs. He had a long sullen face and tired eyes. His arms were sinewy and thin, but long and secure, floating in the sleeves of a black t-shirt. Sarah Lynn sat beside them in quiet discomfort.

They had met when she was 16 and he was 23 and they were both at a bonfire of a mutual friend. In the backyard the boys were taking swigs of cheap vodka and spraying the fire. He noticed her by the shadow cast from the flame, the silhouette of a woman moved across the white exterior of the house. But in the light he could see her skin, her coy gaze. A girl. She was young. He did not say hi or how are you. He asked her if she wanted to go for a ride in his car and at the time she liked men of a certain age for being just that. She said alright, but you gotta take me home.
“Does your mom know you’re out?” 
The car sputtered along in the night. She only laughed and he put a hand on her thigh. She looked at him. He was lit, staged by the dashboard light, a regal boy with wheels in a poor county.
He took a long stretch of county road which drilled through a thick lot of woods. They stopped in the middle of the one lane road and climbed on top of the car and lay down. Stars shredded the blackness. The whole sky began to feel closer and she tightened herself to him. He rolled over. On top of her, he sucked her neck. She barely moved, watching the stars come closer and flatten her.

“Tanner,” she said on the concrete slab. He did not respond. The baby was quiet, so all they could hear were the cars passing by on the state highway which butted up against their lawn. Their yard was dotted with auto parts, a plastic play gym, unraveled garden hoses, and faded red campaign signs standing upright in the dying lawn.
Bret pulled into the driveway. He parked his car, balled up his collar shirt and threw it on the passenger seat. He did not say hello. He popped the hood and walked over to the trunk where the jumper cables lay. He had done this enough times. He clamped them to the battery. He signaled to Tanner who had been staring at his baby.

When Sarah Lynn got pregnant, Tanner hated her. He hated watching her fatten up and incubate a baby he didn’t want. She refused to abort it. Said it would not be right in the eyes of the lord or some shit–but he said he could name a dozen or so things she hadn’t done right in the eyes of the lord. When the baby was born, however, he felt more love than he could have expected. He admired the little girl.
They got married shortly thereafter in her parents’ backyard. At the ceremony there was a bon fire and this time he had to watch quietly as his friends spit alcohol into the flame and made it twist and contort and expand. Now and then he would sneak into the nursery and wake up the baby so that it would tug on his hair. Her grip was strong. He thought that meant something for her.
Sarah Lynn watched the whole ordeal from a picnic bench. Her friends were circled up and off to college in a month. And she had a baby. Their futures were shrouded with doubt and excitement, and hers was not. She had a baby. When she met the eyes of her child it was all she saw.

Tanner stood up and passed the baby to Sarah Lynn. He fumbled for the switch to pop the hood; he got out and clamped the ends to his car battery. The inside of his car baked him. He was sweating, concentrated on his wife who stared back at him. He cranked the engine. The thing was a dead animal. He turned the ignition. It hummed. Once more he tore into the engine and let it ride. Metal screamed against metal. A hellish red brand on the hide. Her glare pressed into his memory. The baby was crying. The engine began to sing.
Bret got out and unlatched the cables.
“Thanks,” Tanner said.
“See you at work,” Bret said. He got into his car and drove off.
Tanner got into his car. The blue smoke billowing from the exhaust cried for oil. The wife was coughing; she gripped her child to her chest and tore open the screen door of the house. She slammed the secondary door. He was looking down at his phone. He pulled the car around and waited for the traffic to clear on M-20. He drove to work with a pair of headphones over his ears.

STOP

 The world felt smaller in his music; one that existed between the cups of the headphones, a world roughly the size of his own head. He knew he wasn’t dumb. He did not have resentment, just hated mean people.
 His car died before the bridge’s incline. Its battery officially died; it rolled backwards. Tanner kept his heavy metal in his ears. He set his foot on the brake and eased himself onto the shoulder–the headphones rested on his. He aimed for another ignition, but the turn produced only a feeble hack. The music coming from his heaphones abruptly chocked. The phone was dead–he thought he would be, too.
 He was farther from home but closer to work. Still a bit of a hike. Bret might help him once the shift ended. He got out of the car and locked the door. He knew a shortcut through the woods.
 Tanner left his car thinking it’d be there for him when he returned. He clibed ownthe grassy hill on which the state highway, considering the judgement of cars passing by. He liked the idea of a happy family pointing out a stranger, such as himself, in troubled–of warning his child of such people as him.
 He slipped and tumbled down the slope, meeting the rattling of a wired fence. He aided the disgrace with some laughter. His ribs throbbed. He sat down against the fence and pulled out one of his last menthols which had ruptured during his crash.
 “Fuckin’ eh,” he said.
 He lit it anyways, clamping his thumb over the slit where he watched a dense S of smoke trail off and stain his fingers. He inhaled with extra force and realized that he shouldn’t have been so quick to go down the hill, as it was far too steep to climb back up.
 In fact it was almost vertical, and he had the unhappy realization that he must have been the only person in the county to throw himself off a cliff without half an intention of suicide.
 He reckoned he could scale the fence with ease. His fingers gripped the metal grid; he pulled himself up. His arms looked too small in his t-shirt’s sleeves. He let the lit cigarette dangle. He threw himself and he hit the ground on his feet. He had lived here for his 28 years; he knew, at least somewhat, about these woods. He pushed back the brush and walked away from the highway clutter and towards the river where he knew a trail.
 He had entered the trail at the middle. He didn’t know how far behind it stretched, but he guessed it followed the river to Pleasent County.
 The trail looked right over the edge of a slowly meandering river. It was late Spring. The dirt on the path was soft like flour and rich, and the tree roots crept out of it. He felt fine. He thought nothing of the car anymore. He thought about getting to work. Tanner’s thoughts revolved around the present moment, or in a world entirely constructed on his own, supplied by the energy of his death metal music. But his phone was dead now, and his inspirations came from the sounds of the woods.
 He came around a long bend and heard the sound of giggling. An elated scream followed, as did a splash into the water. There were two young county girls in their t-shirts and jeans. Tanner remembered the rope swing they were using from years ago.

–or–
The woman sat on the trail in ragged blue jeans cut off at the knees. He looked around her setting and saw that it must have been her home, this trail.
 “You look lost,” she said.
 “I ain’t,” he said, “must’ve known this trail since I was real young.”
 “I know it like my home,” she said. It was then he noticed she was holding the end of a rope swing attached to a sturdy branch of the tree she sat against. In the cut off jeans and, he noticed now, a flannel shirt and a faded fedora.
 “I’m late for work,” he said.
 “You ain’t late for nothing.”
 He felt trepidation and did not speak.
 “What,” she said, “you ain’t never seen a lady like me?”
 “You mean homeless?”
 “I ain’t homeless–and you, sir, are walking though the foyer of my home here.”
 Suddenly he remembered the rope swing that she fondling; as a teenager he had used it to fall into the muck of the river and stride (?) to the bank to climb up and repeat. One time, before his skin had begun to crumple and harden into a tanned shell he had met a girl (his wife?) out here; that they had fucked on the compacted trail, this memory, rushed to him so suddenly he forgot the woman and saw, in her place, that scene. It was young and stupid and he remembered now that she was worried about someone–maybe someone like him, burdened by things more adult–walking down the trail. To work or Pleseant County.
 The woman: “what’s with you?”
 “I’m late,” he said, though if she were not here he would want to stay longer.
 “You ain’t late for nothing,” she said.

// shortcut through the woods and gets lost, he meets two teenage girls on some path, he fucks one of them and they get high, and he keeps walking to work. Once he gets there, his shift is over so he has to walk back. Bret drives him to where his car was. When he sees that it’s not there, he drives him back home. He looks at all the missed calls on his phone. It is night time. He walks onto someone’s property and breaks in. He finds the car keys there and steals a truck 

// Is this a different story?
 At work Bret stood in the back by the refrigerator. It donned his employees slow-shift drawings: bedraggled animals drinking coffee. Someone had left a book on the counter. From the condition he could tell it was Nikki’s. He picked it up, deciding to play a game a room mate had shown him in New York: pick a number between the first and last page; go to that page and read the first sentence your finger lands on. He did so with 72, stopping at the top. It read:
 “She longed to place her hand on his wide, smooth chest.”
 Bret looked surprised. She normally read classics not romance. He read it again:
 “She longed to place her hand on his wide, smooth chest.”
 A woman had not touched him in some time. None had longed for him; a woman would not even try to beguile him now. And if she were to place a hand on his chest, as if he were so forgettable that she mistook him as a wall to lean on, she would have found it not wide and smooth, but doughy from beer and shrouded with hair.
 He looked at the long tunnel of his cafe. A rustic orange and earthen brown coated the walls. The air was heavy with Portofino, their house blend, and bleached with high noon sunlight spilling into the floor to ceiling windows. Suddenly it was blocked, as Tanner, a grave eclipse, entered, came behind the counter and clocked in.
 Bret could smell him, a culmination of body order, cigarettes and gasoline. 

